This Prototype aims to show the fundamental tradeoff between security and speed. It does so by implementing random number generators with differences in bit generation speed and security/unpredictability. The different types of RNG implemented are the following:

1. PRNG: this prototype uses the PRNG from pythons "random" module, which implements the Mersenne-Twister algorithm.
2. TRNG: this prototype uses the TRNG from random.org, which uses atmospheric noise to generate random numbers.
3. trusted QRNG: this prototype connects to IBMs Quantum computers and generates random numbers using hadamard gates.
4. device-independent QRNG: here I also used IBMs quantum computers but used used the CHSH inequality to certify quantumness of the random numbers.

Running "python -c "import analysis; analysis.report_all_metrics()"
" prints the calculated generation speed of all RNGs grouped by type of RNG as well as the CHSH value for the bits generated by the DI-QRNG. It calculates it based on all bytes generated and stored up until now. Excluded for generation speed calculation are sessions that used a quantum computing simulator (and sessions with duration 0). Currently (subject to change), the report yields the following generation speeds: PRNG: ~5.7 megabit/s, TRNG: ~27 kilobit/s, trusted QRNG: 2.39 bit/s, DI-QRNG: 2.34 bit/s.

As one can see, PRNGs are by far the fastest RNGs, followed by TRNGs, trusted QRNGs and finally DI-QRNGs. However, they differ in their unpredictability as well. PRNGs are deterministic algorithms; their output depends solely on the input seed and the algorithm. Knowing these, the "random" bits generated are predictable. TRNGs produce unpredictable bits which stem from physical processes underlying classical physics. Thus, these are, given complete knowledge of relevant physical variables, also predictable. Even if the day we can gather the necessary data to predict a TRNGs next bit never arrives, we cannot verify if the produced bits are not faulty or controlled by a malicious actor. A trusted QRNG does not solve this problem. However, it is fundamentally random and unpredicatble (assuming it works as intended). A device-independent QRNG can certify that the numbers generated are not the result of a malicious actor and cannot be predicted by any third party. Thus they are provably quantum, provably non-deterministic. 

This also means unpredictability negatively impacts the speed of RNGs.

This prototype is not suitable for practical applications because of several reasons. First of all, using a quantum computer to generate random numbers is unnecessarily expensive and slow (as opposed to, for example, a specialized device with entangled photons). Furthermore, in the IBM quantum computer, the entangled pair will be physically close, so it is physically not impossible for those two to communicate. Also, the qubits used are imperfect, leading to some error rates. The quality of the generated numbers decreases. 

Note: 
generation speeds for QRNGs are heavily influenced by the overhead associated with quantum circuits, which is why trusted and DI are so close to each other. However, the overall tendency of DI QRNGs to be slower is still apparent. 
